# Hackathon-Template

This is a template repo for external hackathon projects. Please build your project off of this template:
1. Click the ‘use this template’ button above to create a new repository, and choose an appropriate name for your project. The suggested naming scheme is: `SoftwareImpactHackathon2023_PROJECT`.
2. Turn on basic [security features](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/getting-started/github-security-features) for your repository under Settings -> Security and Analysis. We strongly recommend you enable at least [Private vulnerability reporting](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/working-with-repository-security-advisories/configuring-private-vulnerability-reporting-for-a-repository), [Dependabot security updates](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-security-updates/configuring-dependabot-security-updates) and [Secret Scanning](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secret-scanning/configuring-secret-scanning-for-your-repositories).
3. Add your project link and description to the list of hackathon projects we’re curating at https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/software-impact-hackathon-2023 , by making a pull request to that repo.
4. Add your name or an appropriate copyright owner to the LICENSE file. CZI will not own the code in your repository.
5. [Grant privileges](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository)  to other collaborators, if desired.
6. Replace this section of the readme and the above "Hackathon-Template" heading with an appropriate readme and title for your project.

*Please do not modify or delete any other part of the readme below this line.*

***

## About this project

This repository was developed as part of the [Mapping the Impact of Research Software in Science](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/software-impact-hackathon-2023) hackathon hosted by the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI). By participating in this hackathon, owners of this repository acknowledge the following:
1. The code for this project is hosted by the project contributors in a repository created from a template generated by CZI. The purpose of this template is to help ensure that repositories adhere to the hackathon’s project naming conventions and licensing recommendations.  CZI does not claim any ownership or intellectual property on the outputs of the hackathon. This repository allows the contributing teams to maintain ownership of code after the project, and indicates that the code produced is not a CZI product, and CZI does not assume responsibility for assuring the legality, usability, safety, or security of the code produced.
2. This project is published under a MIT license.

## Code of Conduct

Contributions to this project are subject to CZI’s Contributor Covenant [code of conduct](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, contributors are expected to uphold this code of conduct. 

## Reporting Security Issues

If you believe you have found a security issue, please responsibly disclose by contacting the repository owner via the ‘security’ tab above.
